“When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to happiness that you can give out.”— Eleanor Roosevelt
“We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them.” — Albert Einstein
“Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.” — Mark Twain
“When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.”—Norman Vincent Peale
“It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest. —Walter Anderson
“Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together.”—Diane McLaren
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." — Winston S. Churchill
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." — Herman Melville
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." — Colin R. Davis
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it.” — Henry David Thoreau
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” —Dale Carnegie
“There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.” —Mister Rogers
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” —Estée Lauder
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” — Will Rogers
“If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” — Steve Jobs
“Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.” ―Vernon Sanders Law
“To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live.” —Dorothy West
“Either you run the day or the day runs you.” — Jim Rohn
“If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving definitely isn’t for you.” – Steven Wright
“All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.” – Mark Twain
“Luck is what you have left over after you give 100 percent.” – Langston Coleman
